Are adults involved in children's fights and scolds?
Hello Principal
This parent
How normal is it for children to play around?
What do you call an adult?
What, you principal?
Don't care about the campus bullying management on this school
School bullying
It's just a game between children
Just drill a crotch
What does a child know?
It's just a crotch between children and two slaps
So what's the deal?
I told you this little brat
Look what it's like to beat these kids
This must not be dismissed so lightly
When Song Yang didn't divorce you before
I didn't find it either.
How have you become so vicious now?
Look at what the little fish are called by you
The principal
This little brat is so young to lay such a heavy hand
Should fire him
Ye Shao, do you think so?
Dare to hit him today
Dare to kill tomorrow
In my opinion, it is light to be locked up in a juvenile home
Don't worry.
My School
I will never allow such a bad thing to happen
There is no tolerance for students with such ugly conduct
I will definitely give everyone a satisfactory explanation.
Their children bully others
That's kids playing
They won't tolerate my kids hitting them
As the saying goes, a slap doesn't make a sound.
Even if they bully Wang Bao
Isn't Wang Bao wrong at all?
Teacher Lin, what do you think?
Oh, I, I think so.
Otherwise, why would they only bully Wang Bao?
Don't bully other students
Hey, that's the truth
Since Wang Bao has been beaten to the hospital
Then on behalf of the school, I will not hold him accountable.
But this Song Yu must not pass the test easily
Must be severely punished
Respect alumni